---
title: Announcing NW IdolFest 2022!
date: 2022-01-28
template: blogpost
---

The Seattle area’s premiere, in-person, idol focused event is returning to the stage in 2022! Northwest IdolFest’s first festival was full of unforgettable performances, shiny new merch, and bonding over our mutual love for idols and anisong. Our second year will be bigger and better, with plenty to look forward to.

This year’s eventwill be held on October 21-23, 2022, at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Seattle Airport. Be sure to join our official hotel room block and get the full Northwest IdolFest experience all weekend long by booking through our website.

NWIF 2022 will include some familiar faces, such as [RinTaichou](/guests/rintaichou) (formerly known as RinSenpai). When they’re not busy helping to name the R3BIRTH sub-unit or meeting fans at Northwest IdolFest, Rin still finds plenty of time to create videos focusing on the gacha elements of games such as Love Live! and Genshin Impact. They can’t wait to meet some of their 110k+ subscribers this year!

In addition to RinTaichou, we’ll have plenty of other guests to announce for NWIF 2022 – ranging from returning fan-favorites to brand new idols and industry guests who are ready to conquer the Northwest IdolFest stage. Our staff is also preparing the panels, vendors, and swap meets you’ve come to expect – all highlighted by our signature Northern Lights concert on Saturday night.
You won’t want to miss out on a moment of the idol and anisong action and our Gold and Prism badges offer additional perks for fans seeking a premium experience.
We can’t wait for all of our friends to join us in the northwest’s annual aurora of penlights as we take Northwest IdolFest from Year 0 to Year 1!
